[DataGrid] Enable the documentation of the portable state (#4028)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/state/state.md

## Save and restore the state

The current state of the grid can be exported using `apiRef.current.exportState()`.
It can then be restored by either passing it to the `initialState` prop or to the `apiRef.current.restoreState()` method.

> Watch out for controlled models and their callbacks (`onFilterModelChange` if you use `filterModel` for instance), the grid will call those callbacks when restoring the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch out for controlled models and their callbacks (`onFilterModelChange` if you use `filterModel`, for instance), as the grid will call those callbacks when restoring the state.
```

But if the callback is not defined or if calling it does not update the prop value, then the restored value will not be applied.

### Restore the state with `initialState`

> > ⚠️ If you restore the page using `initialState` before the data is fetched, the grid will automatically move to the 1st page.

Reviewer: We miss a small paragraph introducing what the following demo does.

Author: I added a small introduction

> {{"demo": "RestoreStateInitialState.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

Reviewer: When I click "Remount the grid" the alert is taking too much space, exceeding the page width. Instead of unmounting and mounting again, we could have a second DataGrid instance and when the button is clicked it transfers the state to the other grid. Unmounting and mounting again works but the user may forget the previous values.

Could you open another PR and delete this demo so it appears as a new file here and we can make suggestions to its code? I guess only renaming won't work.

Author: I do a automerge PR where I delete `RestoreStateInitialState` files so that the PR we are one gets the ful file ?

Author: Done

Author: > we could have a second DataGrid instance and when the button is clicked it transfers the state to the other grid. Unmounting and mounting again works but the user may forget the previous values.

The demo works with an `initialState` so we have to remount the grid in which we inject.
That can be a 2nd grid instead of unmounting the main one.

## Save and restore the state

The current state of the grid can be exported using `apiRef.current.exportState()`.
It can then be restored by either passing it to the `initialState` prop or to the `apiRef.current.restoreState()` method.

Watch out for controlled models and their callbacks (`onFilterModelChange` if you use `filterModel`, for instance), as the grid will call those callbacks when restoring the state.
But if the callback is not defined or if calling it does not update the prop value, then the restored value will not be applied.

### Restore the state with `initialState`

You can pass the state returned by `apiRef.current.exportState()` to the `initialState` prop.
In the demo bellow, clicking on _Recreate the 2nd grid_ will re-mount the 2nd grid with the current state of the 1st grid.

> ⚠️ If you restore the page using `initialState` before the data is fetched, the grid will automatically move to the 1st page.

{{"demo": "RestoreStateInitialState.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Restore the state with `apiRef` [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](https://mui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)

> {{"demo": "RestoreStateApiRef.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

Reviewer: We miss a paragraph explaining how to interact with the demo.

Author: Done

It can then be restored by either passing the returned value to the `initialState` prop or to the `apiRef.current.restoreState()` method.

Watch out for controlled models and their callbacks (`onFilterModelChange` if you use `filterModel`, for instance), as the grid will call those callbacks when restoring the state.
But if the callback is not defined or if calling it does not update the prop value, then the restored value will not be applied.

### Restore the state with `initialState`

You can pass the state returned by `apiRef.current.exportState()` to the `initialState` prop.
In the demo below, clicking on **Recreate the 2nd grid** will re-mount the 2nd grid with the current state of the 1st grid.

> ⚠️ If you restore the page using `initialState` before the data is fetched, the grid will automatically move to the 1st page.

{{"demo": "RestoreStateInitialState.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Restore the state with `apiRef` [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](https://mui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)

You can pass the state returned by `apiRef.current.exportState()` to the `apiRef.current.restoreState` method.

> In the demo below, clicking on **Save current view** will create a snapshot of the state that you can apply on the grid later through the **Custom view** menu.

Reviewer: To avoid questions from the users. We only save what has changed. If I click on "Save current view" without making any change, then make a change, save again and restore the first saved snapshot it won't change anything. That's only how it works.

```suggestion
In the demo below, clicking on **Save current view** will create a snapshot of the changes made in the state, considering the initial state.
You can apply these changes on the grid later selecting a saved view in the **Custom view** menu.
```
